Add the 1.2.7 Release Note to Dev Site (#1140)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/release-notes/1.2.7/RELEASE_NOTE.md

layout: release-note
title: Release note
---

> ## Overview of jBallerina {{ site.data.stable-latest.metadata.version }}

Reviewer: The version is not replaced. Please check for the other places as well. `{{ site.data.stable-latest.metadata.version }}` should be replaces with `1.2.7`

> ## Overview of jBallerina {{ site.data.stable-latest.metadata.version }}

Reviewer: The version is not replaced. Please check for the other places as well. `{{ site.data.stable-latest.metadata.version }}` should be replaces with `1.2.7`

Author: @shafreenAnfar - Do we need to change these manually?

Reviewer: Marking as resolved as discussed.

If you have not installed jBallerina, then download the [installers](https://ballerina.io/downloads/) to install.

> ## Language

Reviewer 2: If we don't have Language side fixes shall we remove this topic?

Author: Done.

## Standard Library

### I/O

> When a CSV file has an empty record, the previous implementation throws a null pointer exception and it was fixed with this release.

Reviewer 2: NPE is java level issue. Should we re-word it with something related to ballerina error?

Author: Done via https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/1140#discussion_r469204240.

## Developer Tools

### Test Framework

#### Object Mocking

> Object mocking enables controlling the values of member variables and the behavior of the member functions of an object. The following improvmenets are introduced with regard to this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Object mocking enables controlling the values of member variables and the behavior of the member functions of an object. The following improvements are introduced with regard to this.
```

- Ability to create a test double, which provides an equivalent mock in place of the real object
- Capability of stubbing the member function or member variable

Object mocking is done by using the following functions.

- The `test:mock()` and `test:prepare()` functions are used to initialize the mocking capability.
- The `test:prepare()` function allows to use the associated mocking functions like `thenReturn()`, `thenReturnSequence()`, `doNothing()`, and `withArguments()`.

#### Function Mocking

- The `MockFunction` object is added to handle function mocking. `MockFunction` objects are defined by attaching the `@test:Mock` to the `MockFunction` object to specify the function to mock.
- The mocking API also supports scoping and stubbing of mock functions that are declared for functions in imported modules.

Function mocking is done by using the following functions.

- The `test:when(mockObj)` function is used to initialize the mocking capability within a particular test case.
- This allows you to use the associated mocking functions like `call()`, `thenReturn()`, and `withArguments()`.

### Improvements related to code actions

> #### Introducing an AI-based `Data Mapping` Code Action

Reviewer 3: This should be release with SwanLake not 1.2.7 - we need to remove this from here

Author: Done.

If you have not installed jBallerina, then download the [installers](https://ballerina.io/downloads/) to install.

## Standard Library

### I/O

> When a CSV file has an empty record, the previous implementation panicked. This is fixed with this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When a CSV file has an empty record, the previous implementation panicked. This is fixed with this release.
```

> When a CSV file has an empty record, the previous implementation throws a null pointer exception and it was fixed with this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a CSV file has an empty record, the previous implementation panicked. This is fixed with this release.
```
